docs(rdb): add encryption activation on existing instances int-add-rdb (#3936)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/concepts.mdx

## Encryption at rest

<Message type="important">

> Once activated on an instance, encryption at rest cannot be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once activated on a Database Instance, encryption at rest cannot be disabled.
```

</Message>

Encryption at rest allows you to permanently encrypt your database data. The data is encrypted at volume level using [LUKS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Unified_Key_Setup). At Scaleway `aes-xts-plain64` is used as the default. The management of the encryption key is done by Scaleway.

All databases, data (including logs), and snapshots will be encrypted. Logical backup encryption is not currently available.

<Message type="note">

> Encryption at rest can be activated after database instance creation via the [instance upgrade endpoint](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/managed-database-postgre-mysql/#path-database-instances-upgrade-a-database-instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption at rest can be activated after Database Instance creation via the [upgrade endpoint](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/managed-database-postgre-mysql/#path-database-instances-upgrade-a-database-instance).
```
